@document.meta
title: 14. AWS Setup
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  AWS
  MFA
  IAM
  Billing
  CloudWatch
]
created: 2024-03-01T16:06:32+0800
updated: 2024-03-01T16:06:56+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

* Create a new AWS account

  .image pic/6/1.png

  .image pic/6/2.png

  .image pic/6/3.png


* Check if account console is enabled

  .image pic/6/4.png

  .image pic/6/5.png

  If the account is normal, it will be as shown above.


* Support center

  If any issues occur during the process, please go to the support center, submit a ticket, and wait for AWS to respond.

  .image pic/6/6.png


* MFA of root user setting

  MFA is two-factor authentication, which requires downloading the Google Authenticator app on your phone to use.

  .image pic/6/7.png

  .image pic/6/8.png

  .image pic/6/9.png

  .image pic/6/10.png

  .image pic/6/11.png


* Create IAM user

  It is highly recommended not to use the root user to operate AWS, it is recommended to use IAM user instead.

  .image pic/6/12.png

  .image pic/6/13.png

  .image pic/6/14.png

  .image pic/6/15.png

  .image pic/6/16.png


* MFA of IAM user setting

  .image pic/6/17.png

  .image pic/6/18.png

  .image pic/6/19.png


* Billing preferences setting

  .image pic/6/20.png

  .image pic/6/21.png

  .image pic/6/22.png

  .image pic/6/23.png

  .image pic/6/24.png

  .image pic/6/25.png

  .image pic/6/26.png


* CloudWatch setting

  Because the course requirements will exceed the limits of the free tier, it is recommended to set up alerts to avoid going over budget.

  .image pic/6/27.png

  .image pic/6/28.png

  .image pic/6/29.png

  .image pic/6/30.png

  .image pic/6/31.png

  .image pic/6/32.png

  .image pic/6/33.png

  .image pic/6/34.png

  .image pic/6/35.png

  .image pic/6/36.png

  .image pic/6/37.png

  .image pic/6/38.png

  .image pic/6/39.png

  .image pic/6/40.png

  .image pic/6/41.png


* Certificate binding

  We need to bind the Certificate we published on AWS with the Domain we purchased on GoDaddy, so that HTTPS can work correctly.

  .image pic/6/42.png

  .image pic/6/43.png

  .image pic/6/44.png

  .image pic/6/45.png

  .image pic/6/46.png

  .image pic/6/47.png

  .image pic/6/48.png

  .image pic/6/49.png

  .image pic/6/50.png

  .image pic/6/51.png

  .image pic/6/52.png

  .image pic/6/53.png


* Change URL of IAM user login page & Login with IAM user

  .image pic/6/54.png

  .image pic/6/55.png

  .image pic/6/56.png

  Please note that when we use an IAM user URL, the root account will be automatically logged out immediately.

  .image pic/6/57.png

  .image pic/6/58.png
