@document.meta
title: 5. What is Continuous Integration?
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  Continuous Integration
]
created: 2024-03-01T10:58:18+0800
updated: 2024-03-01T11:09:56+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

* Code development process

** Dev team commits code to central repository
   .image pic/2/1.png

** build server
   .image pic/2/2.png

** software repository
   .image pic/2/3.png

** software testing
   .image pic/2/4.png


* Where the problem lies?

  The traditional approach would be to accumulate codes for a period of time before going to the build server for build and test, which would result in a large number of error notifications being returned to the development team for correction all at once. Furthermore, these errors would have a time delay, making it a painful and highly inefficient task for developers.

  .image pic/2/5.png

  .image pic/2/6.png


* Continuous Integration
  In order to solve the above problem, the concept of Continuous Integration (CI) was introduced. This concept refers to triggering a build for every commit, so that problems can be discovered and resolved as early as possible. However, it is not possible to do this manually, so it must be automated.

  .image pic/2/7.png

  .image pic/2/8.png

  The core purpose of CI is to detect defects early so that problems do not multiply.


* Tools

** IDE
   Developers use these IDEs for development because they integrate with version control tools.

   .image pic/2/9.png

** Version Control
   .image pic/2/10.png

** Build Tools
   .image pic/2/11.png

** Software repository
   Used to store artifacts

   .image pic/2/12.png

** CI Tools
   Integrate everything.

   .image pic/2/13.png


* Overview

  .image pic/2/14.png

