* (x) Section 1: Introduction
** (x) [3. What is DevOps? (15/47)]{:3. What is DevOps?:}
** (x) [5. What is Continuous Integration? (8/44)]{:5. What is Continuous Integration?:}
** (x) [6. What is Continuous Delivery? (5/30)]{:6. What is Continuous Delivery?:}
* (-) Section 2: Prerequisites Info & Setup
** (x) [8. Tools Prerequisite Information (5/10)]{:8. Tools Prerequisite Information:}
** (x) [12. Tools Prerequisites for Ubuntu 20 (1/16)]{:12. Tools Prerequisites for Ubuntu 20:}
** (x) [13. Signups (8/26)]{:13. Signups:}
** (x) [14. AWS Setup (30/119)]{:14. AWS Setup:}
* (-) Section 3: VM Setup
** (x) [17. What is Virtualization (9/25)]{:17. What is Virtualization:}
** (x) [18. Introduction (5/15)]{:18. Introduction:}
** (x) [19. VM-Manually(Windows & MacOS Intel chip) (27/128)]{:19. VM-Manually(Windows and MacOS Intel chip):}
** (x) [20. VM-Automatically(Windows & MacOS Intel chip) (19/111)]{:20. VM-Automatically(Windows and MacOS Intel chip):}
* (-) Section 4: Linux
** (x) [23. Introduction to Linux (20/40)]{:23. Introduction to Linux:}
** (x) [24. Commands and File systems (11/52)]{:24. Commands and File systems:}
** (x) [25. More Commands ( mkdir, cp, mv, touch etc) (13/26)]{:25. More Commands ( mkdir, cp, mv, touch etc):}
** (x) [26. Vim editor (13/10)]{:26. Vim editor:}
** (x) [27. File Types (11/55)]{:27. File Types:}
** (x) [28. Filters (21/87)]{:28. Filters:}
** (x) [29. Redirections (14/58)]{:29. Redirections:}
** (x) [30. Users and Groups (14/80)]{:30. Users and Groups:}
** (x) [31. File permissions (14/61)]{:31. File permissions:}
** (x) [32. Sudo (9/53)]{:32. Sudo:}
** ( ) [33. Package Management (15/)]{:33. Package Management:}
** ( ) [34. Services (5/)]{:34. Services:}
** ( ) [35. Processes (10/)]{:35. Processes:}
** ( ) [36. Archiving (6/)]{:36. Archiving:}
** ( ) [37. Ubuntu commands (10/)]{:37. Ubuntu commands:}
** ( ) [38. Linux Commands (0/)]{:38. Linux Commands:}
