@document.meta
title: 11. Using Types
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  Type
  Common Type
  compiling
]
created: 2023-11-27T23:19:17+0800
updated: 2023-11-27T23:19:58+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

> Typescript has some types that are common with Javascript, and there are also some types that are added in Typescript.


* Common types

  .image pic/11/1.png

  The above list includes types that both Typescript and Javascript have.


* Create a logic error

  We use ts to write a simple add function and pass in values to use it.

  .image pic/11/2.png

  Then we deliberately changed one of the values into a string, causing a logical error.

  .image pic/11/3.png

  This kind of logical error will not generate an error, often it is discovered to have a problem at runtime rather than at the original location, so it is difficult to debug.


* We can prevent logic error by typing parameters of function

  However, as long as we follow TypeScript's prompts and set the type for the function's parameters, we can immediately detect errors during development.

  .image pic/11/4.png

  Even if our IDE does not display Typescript warnings, there will still be error logs when compiling with tsc.


* Typescript types won't change behavior of Javascript in runtime

  Note that the types defined in Typescript will not cause any changes in the runtime behavior of Javascript, but these types are very helpful in development and can greatly reduce the probability of bugs occurring.

  .image pic/11/5.png


* Javascript still been generated by default

  Although there are error logs during the compilation process, by default, JavaScript codes will still be generated (but this can be changed).

  .image pic/11/6.png
