@document.meta
title: 19. Working with Tuples
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  Tuple
  Type inference
  Type
  Explicitly
]
created: 2023-11-28T13:42:56+0800
updated: 2023-11-28T13:43:43+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end


* Type tuple, which is only for Typescript

  Tuple is a type that exists in other languages but does not exist in JavaScript. Through the compiler, this type has been added to TypeScript.

  .image pic/18/1.png


* Case that array need fixed number of items and fixed type item

  Usually, when given an initial array value, an Array type will be inferred.

  .image pic/18/2.png

  The above will infer a union type array because the type of items in the given array is not fixed.

  .image pic/18/3.png

  But in this case, we only need two items in the array and the first item is always a number and the second item is a string.



* Type inference cannot get tuple type, we should explicitly set it

  This is very suitable for using tuple type, but general type inference cannot obtain tuple type. We must explicitly set it. In this case, it is NOT considered bad practice.

  .image pic/18/4.png

  After we specify the property role as a tuple type, when we assign values of different types to the item, a warning will be issued as mentioned above.


* Tuple & .push()

  The number of items in a tuple type is also explicitly defined and cannot be changed, but it is important to note that .push() cannot be warned against in TypeScript. Be especially careful about this.

  .image pic/18/5.png
