@document.meta
title: 4. Installing and Using TypeScript
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  Logic Error
  Installing
  IDE Warnings
  Type setting
  Exclamation
  Typecasting
]
created: 2023-11-27T20:40:36+0800
updated: 2023-11-27T20:43:55+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

* Common JavaScript bugs

  Below are common logic errors in JavaScript. Because they are logical errors, they cannot be seen in the console, making them difficult to resolve.

  .image pic/4/1.png

  .image pic/4/2.png

  Of course, we can use JavaScript's native methods to check types.

  .image pic/4/3.png

  .image pic/4/4.png

  But it is contradictory to write more codes to prevent the occurrence of known bugs.

* Installing Typescript globally

  .image pic/4/5.png

  .image pic/4/6.png


* Typescript warnings

  We create a ts file and then directly copy the content of the js file into it. Many errors can be seen.

  .image pic/4/7.png

  These factors can all prone to bugs in JavaScript.


** Make sure it won't return null by ! (Exclamation)

   This error is possibly caused by a typo in our id. If it is typed incorrectly, we will get a null value. We need to inform TypeScript that we have confirmed it is impossible to get null.

   .image pic/4/8.png

** Make sure it is input element (Typecasting)

   The error in this part is because not every element has a value property. We need to let TypeScript know that we have confirmed that we will definitely get an input element.

   .image pic/4/9.png

   This syntax is also known as Typecasting.

* Set types to args of function

  This is another important feature of Typescript, which allows setting types for function parameters.

  .image pic/4/10.png

  After we set the parameters and types correctly, TypeScript immediately found the location where the error occurred.

  .image pic/4/11.png

  So after all the warnings are eliminated, it can be inserted into HTML.

* HTML only can insert JavaScript, not TypeScript

  So we must first convert TypeScript using its compiler to JavaScript before we can insert it into HTML.

  .image pic/4/12.png

  .image pic/4/13.png
