* (x) Section 1: Getting Started
** (x) [2. What Is TypeScript & Why Should You Use It?(5/20)]{:2- What Is TypeScript and Why Should You Use It?:} 
** (x) [4. Installing and Using TypeScript (13/52)]{:4. Installing and Using TypeScript:}
** (x) [5. TypeScript Advantages - Overview (5/6)]{:5. TypeScript Advantages - Overview:}
** (x) [6. Course Outline (4/10)]{:6. Course Outline:}
** (x) [9. The Course Project Setup (7/47)]{:9. The Course Project Setup:}
* (x) Section 2: TypeScript Basics & Basic Types
** (x) [11. Using Types (10/30)]{:11. Using Types:}
** (x) [12. TypeScript Types vs JavaScript Types (5/16)]{:12. TypeScript Types vs JavaScript Types:}
** (x) [13. Important: Type Casing(1/3)]{:13. Important - Type Casing:}
** (x) [14. Working with Numbers, Strings & Booleans(6/20)]{:14. Working with Numbers, Strings and Booleans:}
** (x) [15. Type Assignment & Type Inference (6/53)]{:15. Type Assignment and Type Inference:}
** (x) [16. Object Types(8/29)]{:16. Object Types:}
** (x) [17. Nested Objects & Types (1/5)]{:17. Nested Objects and Types:}
** (x) [18. Arrays Types (5/22)]{:18. Arrays Types:}
** (x) [19. Working with Tuples (6/31)]{:19. Working with Tuples:}
** (x) [20. Working with Enums (7/28)]{:20. Working with Enums:}
** (x) [21. The "any" Type (2/11)]{:21. The "any" Type:}
** (x) [22. Union Types (7/25)]{:22. Union Types:}
** (x) [23. Literal Types (8/45)]{:23. Literal Types:} 
** (x) [24. Type Aliases / Custom Types (3/12)]{:24. Type Aliases Custom Types:}
** (x) [25. Type Aliases & Object Types (1/2)]{:25. Type Aliases and Object Types:}
** (x) [26. Function Return Types & "void" (7/32)]{:26. Function Return Types and "void":}
** (x) [27. Functions as Types (6/45)]{:27. Functions as Types:}
** (x) [28. Function Types & Callbacks (4/32)]{:28. Function Types and Callbacks:}
** (x) [29. The "unknown" Type (4/25)]{:29. The "unknown" Type:}
** (x) [30. The "never" Type (4/21)]{:30. The "never" Type:}
** (x) [32. Useful Resources & Links]{https://www.udemy.com/course/understanding-typescript/learn/lecture/16888118#content}
* ( ) Section 3: The TypeScript Compiler (and its Configuration)
** (x) [34. Using "Watch Mode" (2/10)]{:34. Using "Watch Mode":}
** (x) [35. Compiling the Entire Project/Multiple FIles (4/19)]{:35. Compiling the Entire Project and Multiple FIles:}
** (x) [36. Including & Excluding Files (6/40)]{:36. Including and Excluding Files:}
** (x) [37. Setting a Compilation Target (4/20)]{:37. Setting a Compilation Target:}
** (x) [38. Understanding TypeScript Core Libs (6/28)]{:38. Understanding TypeScript Core Libs:}
** (x) [39. More Configuration & Compilation Options (2/14)]{:39. More Configuration and Compilation Options:}
** (x) [40. Working with Source Maps (2/15)]{:40. Working with Source Maps:}
** (x) [41. rootDir and outDir (6/37)]{:41. rootDir and outDir:}
** ( ) [42. Stop Emitting Files on Compilation Errors (3/)]{:42. Stop Emitting Files on Compilation Errors:}
** ( ) [43. Strict Compilation (11/)]{:43. Strict Compilation:}
** ( ) [44. Code Quality Options (4/)]{:44. Code Quality Options:}
** ( ) [45. Debugging with Visual Studio Code (4/)]{:45. Debugging with Visual Studio Code:}
* ( ) Section 4: Next-generation JavaScript & TypeScript
** (x) [49. let and const (7/16)]{:49. let and const:}
** (x) [50. Arrow Functions (5/15)]{:50. Arrow Functions:}
** ( ) [51. Default Function Parameters (2/)]{:51. Default Function Parameters:}
** ( ) [52. The Spread Operator (...) (5/)]{:52. The Spread Operator:}
** ( ) [53. Rest Parameters (5/)]{:53. Rest Parameters:}
** ( ) [54. Array & Object Destructuring (5/)]{:54. Array and Object Destructuring:}
** ( ) [55. How Code Gets Compiled & Wrap Up (2/)]{:55. How Code Gets Compiled and Wrap Up:}
* (x) Section 5: Classes & Interfaces
** (x) [58. What are Classes? (5/25)]{:58. What are Classes?:}
** (x) [59. Creating a First Class (6/22)]{:59. Creating a First Class:}
** (x) [60. Compiling to JavaScript (3/27)]{:60. Compiling to JavaScript:}
** (x) [61. Constructor Functions & The "this" Keyword (8/44)]{:61. Constructor Functions and The "this" Keyword:}
** (x) [62. "private" and "public" Access Modifiers (6/28)]{:62. "private" and "public" Access Modifiers:}
** (x) [63. Shorthand Initialization (3/15)]{:63. Shorthand Initialization:}
** (x) [64. "readonly" Properties (3/12)]{:64. "readonly" Properties:}
** (x) [65. Inheritance (8/40)]{:65. Inheritance:}
** (x) [66. Overriding Properties & The "protected" Modifier (3/18)]{:66. Overriding Properties and The "protected" Modifier:}
** (x) [67. Getters & Setters (7/39)]{:67. Getters and Setters:}
** (x) [68. Static Methods & Properties (5/26)]{:68. Static Methods and Properties:}
** (x) [69. Abstract Classes (5/25)]{:69. Abstract Classes:}
** (x) [70. Singletons & Private Constructors (5/30)]{:70. Singletons and Private Constructors:}
** (x) [72. A First Interface (4/16)]{:72. A First Interface:}
** (x) [73. Using Interfaces with Classes (6/23)]{:73. Using Interfaces with Classes:}
** (x) [74. Why Interfaces? (2/12)]{:74. Why Interfaces?:}
** (x) [75. Readonly Interface Properties (2/10)]{:75. Readonly Interface Properties:}
** (x) [76. Extending Interfaces (3/19)]{:76. Extending Interfaces:}
** (x) [77. Interfaces as Function Types (3/15)]{:77. Interfaces as Function Types:}
** (x) [78. Optional Parameters & Properties (4/26)]{:78. Optional Parameters and Properties:}
** (x) [79. Compiling Interfaces to JavaScript (2/9)]{:79. Compiling Interfaces to JavaScript:}
* (x) Section 6: Advanced Types
** (x) [83. Intersection Types (5/28)]{:83. Intersection Types:}
** (x) [84. More on Type Guards (11/52)]{:84. More on Type Guards:}
** (x) [85. Discriminated Unions (6/30)]{:85. Discriminated Unions:}
** (x) [86. Type Casting (8/46)]{:86. Type Casting:}
** (x) [87. Index Properties (7/31)]{:87. Index Properties:}
** (x) [88. Function Overloads (6/50)]{:88. Function Overloads:}
** (x) [89. Optional Chaining (4/24)]{:89. Optional Chaining:}
** (x) [90. Nullish Coalescing (3/14)]{:90. Nullish Coalescing:}
* (x) Section 7: Generics 
** (x) [94. Built-in Generics & What are Generics?(9/27)]{:94. Built-in Generics and What are Generics?:}
** (x) [95. Creating a Generic Function (9/51)]{:95. Creating a Generic Function:}
** (x) [96. Working with Constraints (4/20)]{:96. Working with Constraints:}
** (x) [97. Another Generic Function (6/28)]{:97. Another Generic Function:}
** (x) [98. The "keyof" Constraint (3/21)]{:98. The "keyof" Constraint:}
** (x) [99. Generic Classes (9/50)]{:99. Generic Classes:}
** (x) [101. Generic Utility Types (7/36)]{:101. Generic Utility Types:}
** (x) [102. Generic Types vs Union Types (4/25)]{:102. Generic Types vs Union Types:}
* (x) Section 8: Decorators
** (x) [105. A First Class Decorator (5/30)]{:105. A First Class Decorator:}
** (x) [106. Working with Decorator Factories (2/17)]{:106. Working with Decorator Factories:}
** (x) [107. Building More Useful Decorators (6/42)]{:107. Building More Useful Decorators:}
** (x) [108. Adding Multiple Decorators (3/19)]{:108. Adding Multiple Decorators:}
** (x) [109. Diving into Property Decorators (5/41)]{:109. Diving into Property Decorators:}
** (x) [110. Accessor & Parameter Decorators (6/60)]{:110. Accessor and Parameter Decorators:}
** (x) [111. When Do Decorators Execute? (3/18)]{:111. When Do Decorators Execute?:}
** (x) [112. Returning (and changing) a Class in a Class Decorator (9/61)]{:112. Returning (and changing) a Class in a Class Decorator:}
** (x) [113. Other Decorator Return Types (4/28)]{:113. Other Decorator Return Types:}
** (x) [114. Example: Creating an "Autobind" Decorator (9/47)]{:114. Example- Creating an "Autobind" Decorator:}
** (x) [115. Validation with Decorators - First Steps (7/37)]{:115. Validation with Decorators - First Steps:}
** (x) [116. Validation with Decorators - Finished (12/41)]{:116. Validation with Decorators - Finished:}
** (x) [117. Fixing a Validator Bug (1/4)]{:117. Fixing a Validator Bug:}
* (x) Section 9: Practice Time! Let's build a Drag & Drop Project
** (x) [121. Getting Started (5/20)]{:121. Getting Started:}
** (x) [122. DOM Element Selection & OOP Rendering (12/57)]{:122. DOM Element Selection and OOP Rendering:}
** (x) [123. Interacting with DOM Elements (8/35)]{:123. Interacting with DOM Elements:}
** (x) [124. Creating & Using an "Autobind" Decorator (5/23)]{:124. Creating and Using an "Autobind" Decorator:}
** (x) [125. Fetching User Input (9/37)]{:125. Fetching User Input:}
** (x) [126. Creating a Re-Usable Validation Functionality (14/34)]{:126. Creating a Re-Usable Validation Functionality:}
** (x) [127. Rendering Project Lists (11/65)]{:127. Rendering Project Lists:}
** (x) [128. Managing Application State with Singletons (16/93){:128. Managing Application State with Singletons:}
** (x) [129. More Classes & Custom Types (7/73)]{:129. More Classes and Custom Types:}
** (x) [130. Filtering Projects with Enums (6/25)]{:130. Filtering Projects with Enums:}
** (x) [131. Adding Inheritance & Generics (19/73)]{:131. Adding Inheritance and Generics:}
** (x) [132. Rendering Project Items with a Class (12/42)]{:132. Rendering Project Items with a Class:}
** (x) [133. Using a Getter (4/23)]{:133. Using a Getter:}
** (x) [134. Utilizing Interfaces to Implement Drag & Drop (10/53)]{:134. Utilizing Interfaces to Implement Drag and Drop:}
** (x) [135. Drag Events & Reflecting the Current State in the UI (6/58)]{:135. Drag Events and Reflecting the Current State in the UI:}
** (x) [136. Adding a Droppable Area (8/34)]{:136. Adding a Droppable Area:}
** (x) [137. Finishing Drag & Drop (7/42)]{:137. Finishing Drag and Drop:}
* (x) Section 10: Moules & Namespaces
** (x) [141. Writing Module Code - Your Options (4/8)]{:141. Writing Module Code - Your Options:}
** (x) [142. Working with Namespaces (11/54)]{:142. Working with Namespaces:}
** (x) [143. Organizing Files & Folders (9/49)]{:143. Organizing Files and Folders:}
** (x) [144. A Problem with Namespace Imports (3/23)]{:144. A Problem with Namespace Imports:}
** (x) [146. Using ES Modules (12/58)]{:146. Using ES Modules:}
** (x) [147. Understanding various Import & Export Syntaxes (5/23)]{:147. Understanding various Import and Export Syntaxes:}
** (x) [148. How Does Code In Modules Execute? (2/12)]{:148. How Does Code In Modules Execute?:}
* (x) Section 11: Using Webpack with TypeScript
** (x) [152. What is Webpack & Why do we need it? (6/16)]{:152. What is Webpack and Why do we need it?:}
** (x) [153. Installing Webpack & Important Dependencies (4/11)]{:153. Installing Webpack and Important Dependencies:}
** (x) [154. Adding Entry & Output Configuration (6/30)]{:154. Adding Entry and Output Configuration:}
** (x) [155. Adding TypeScript Support with the ts-loader Package (7/40)]{:155. Adding TypeScript Support with the ts-loader Package:}
** (x) [156. Adjust Webpack Config (1/4)]{:156. Adjust Webpack Config:}
** (x) [157. Finishing the Setup & Adding webpack-dev-server (4/22)]{:157. Finishing the Setup and Adding webpack-dev-server:}
** (x) [158. Adding a Production Workflow (4/31)]{:158. Adding a Production Workflow:}
* (x) Section 12: 3rd Party Libraries & TypeScript
** (x) [162. Using JavaScript (!) Libraries with TypeScript (9/34)]{:162. Using JavaScript (!) Libraries with TypeScript:}
** (x) [163. Using "declare" as a "Last Resort" (2/14)]{:163. Using "declare" as a "Last Resort":}
** (x) [164. No Types Needed: class-transformer (8/35)]{:164. No Types Needed- class-transformer:}
** (x) [165. TypeScript-embracing: class-validator (6/20)]{:165. TypeScript-embracing- class-validator:}
* ( ) Section 13: Time to Practice! Let's build a "Select & Share a Place" App (Incl. Google Maps)
** (x) [169. Project Setup (4/24)]{:169. Project Setup:}
** (x) [170. Getting User Input (3/)]{:170. Getting User Input:}
** ( ) [171. Setting Up a Google API Key (3/)]{:171. Setting Up a Google API Key:}
** ( ) [172. Using Axios to Fetch Coordinates for an Entered Address (10/)]{:172. Using Axios to Fetch Coordinates for an Entered Address:}
** ( ) [173. Rendering a Map with Google Maps (incl. Types!) (7/)]{:173. Rendering a Map with Google Maps (incl. Types!):}
** ( ) [174. Working with Maps without a Credit Card (1/)]{:174. Working with Maps without a Credit Card:}
* (x) Section 14: React.js & TypeScript
** (x) [177. Setting Up a React + TypeScript Project (5/31)]{:177. Setting Up a React + TypeScript Project:}
** (x) [178. How Do React + TypeScript Work Together? (4/18)]{:178. How Do React + TypeScript Work Together?:}
** (x) [179. Working with Props and Types for Props (7/25)]{:179. Working with Props and Types for Props:}
** (x) [180. Getting User Input with "refs" (7/26)]{:180. Getting User Input with "refs":}
** (x) [181. Cross-Component Communication (4/16)]{:181. Cross-Component Communication:}
** (x) [182. Working with State & Types (4/19)]{:182. Working with State and Types:}
** (x) [184. More Props & State Work (4/17)]{:184. More Props and State Work:}
** (x) [185. Adding Styling (1/5)]{:185. Adding Styling:}
** (x) [186. Types for other React Features (e.g. Redux or Routing) (4/19)]{:186. Types for other React Features (e.g. Redux or Routing):}
* (x) Section 15: Node.js + Express & TypeScript
** (x) [190. Executing TypeScript Code with Node.js (4/14)]{:190. Executing TypeScript Code with Node.js:}
** (x) [191. Setting up a Project (4/15)]{:191. Setting up a Project:}
** (x) [192. Finished Setup & Working with Types (in Node + Express Apps) (5/23)]{:192. Finished Setup and Working with Types (in Node + Express Apps):}
** (x) [193. Adding Middleware & Types (6/18)]{:193. Adding Middleware and Types:}
** (x) [194. Working with Controllers & Parsing Request Bodies (10/35)]{:194. Working with Controllers and Parsing Request Bodies:}
** (x) [195. More CRUD Operations (10/30)]{:195. More CRUD Operations:}
