@document.meta
title: 66. Creation and Update Lifecycle Hooks in Action
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  Lifecycle
  onMounted
  Script Executed
  onDestroy
  afterUpdate
  beforeUpdate
]
created: 2023-12-22T14:36:27+0800
updated: 2023-12-22T14:36:54+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

* Script Executed & onMounted

  .image pic/62/2.png

  The lifecycle function is always executed in a fixed order, so even if we place onMounted in a position earlier than others, it will still be executed after the script is executed.


* onDestroy

  When this component is detached from the DOM, onDestroy() will be executed.

  .image pic/62/3.png


* beforeUpdate & afterUpdate

  These two executed judgments are based on whether the DOM has been updated or not.

** creation
   .image pic/62/4.png

   The noteworthy part is that when the component is created, the script executed occurs before the DOM is mounted, while onMounted occurs after the DOM is mounted. Therefore, beforeUpdate will appear between the two of them.

** updating
   .image pic/62/5.png


* Use case of beforeUpdate/afterUpdate

  beforeUpdate/afterUpdate is usually used to further manipulate the DOM after it has been updated (especially scrolling). We use beforeUpdate to save the state of the DOM just before it is updated, and then use afterUpdate to further manipulate the DOM based on its previous state.

  .image pic/62/6.png

  The above is confirmed that even if it is beforeUpdate, it will only be executed after all variables have been updated.

  .image pic/62/7.png

  .image pic/62/8.png

  .image pic/62/9.png

  Above, we have created autoscroll to save the value of agree as a simplified example. In actual examples, the data to be saved may be much more complex.

