* (x) Section 1: Getting Started
** (x) [2. Why Svelte? (7/22)]{:2. Why Svelte?:}
** (x) [3. What is Svelte? (4/18)]{:3. What is Svelte?:}
** (x) [5. Setting Up a First App & The Course Project (11/36)]{:5. Setting Up a First App and The Course Project:}
** (x) [6. Writing Some Svelte Code (7/22)]{:6. Writing Some Svelte Code:}
* (x) Section 2: Base Syntax & Core Features
** (x) [10. Module Introduction (4/10)]{:10. Module Introduction:}
** (x) [11. Using Curly Braces & Understanding the Core Syntax (6/19)]{:11. Using Curly Braces and Understanding the Core Syntax:}
** (x) [12. Reactive Variables (6/19)]{:12. Reactive Variables:}
** (x) [13. More Reactivity (2/23)]{:13. More Reactivity:}
** (x) [14. Binding to Element Properties (4/16)]{:14. Binding to Element Properties:}
** (x) [15. Two-Way Binding Shortcut (2/9)]{:15. Two-Way Binding Shortcut:}
** (x) [16. Using Multiple Components (9/53)]{:16. Using Multiple Components:}
** (x) [17. Components & Communication via Props (4/18)]{:17. Components and Communication via Props:}
** (x) [18. Diving Deeper into Bindings (6/23)]{:18. Diving Deeper into Bindings:}
** (x) [19. Using Self-Extending Properties (1/3)]{:19. Using Self-Extending Properties:}
** (x) [20. Outputting HTML Content (4/19)]{:20. Outputting HTML Content:}
** (x) [21. A XSS Example (1/4)]{:21. A XSS Example:}
** (x) [22. Setting Dynamic CSS Classes (4/24)]{:22. Setting Dynamic CSS Classes:}
* (x) Section 3: Working with Conditionals & Loops
** (x) [26. Using "if" Statements in HTML (5/38)]{:26. Using "if" Statements in HTML:}
** (x) [27. if, else & else-if (4/26)]{:27. if, else and else-if:}
** (x) [28. Outputting Lists with "each" (8/47)]{:28. Outputting Lists with "each":}
** (x) [29. "each", "else" & Extracting the Index (2/14)]{:29. "each", "else" and Extracting the Index:}
** (x) [30. Lists & Keys (10/35)]{:30. Lists and Keys:}
* (x) Section 4: A Closer Look at Reactivity
** (x) [35. Updating Arrays & Objects Immutably (2/42)]{:35. Updating Arrays and Objects Immutably:}
** (x) [36. Understanding Event Modifiers (5/11)]{:36. Understanding Event Modifiers:}
** (x) [37. Using Inline Functions (3/29)]{:37. Using Inline Functions:}
* (x) Section 5: Course Project - First Steps
** (x) [41. Project Setup & A First Component (9/38)]{:41. Project Setup and A First Component:}
** (x) [42. Different Ways of Mounting Components (5/26)]{:42. Different Ways of Mounting Components:}
** (x) [43. How to Embed Widgets (1/2)]{:43. How to Embed Widgets:}
** (x) [44. Adding Data (4/16)]{:44. Adding Data:}
** (x) [45. Adding a New Component (MeetupItem) (4/23)]{:45. Adding a New Component (MeetupItem):}
** (x) [46. Working with Different Component Types (4/12)]{:46. Working with Different Component Types:}
** (x) [47. Passing Data Into Components (6/29)]{:47. Passing Data Into Components:}
** (x) [48. Adding a "MeetupGrid" Component (4/33)]{:48. Adding a "MeetupGrid" Component:}
** (x) [49. Adding New Meetups via a Form (9/59)]{:49. Adding New Meetups via a Form:}
** (x) [50. Creating a "TextInput" Component (11/64)]{:50. Creating a "TextInput" Component:}
** (x) [51. Adding a Custom "Button" Component (6/83)]{:51. Adding a Custom "Button" Component:}
** (x) [56. Component Communication Overview (3/31)]{:56. Component Communication Overview:}
** (x) [57. Event Forwarding (5/33)]{:57. Event Forwarding:}
** (x) [58. Emitting Custom Events (5/27)]{:58. Emitting Custom Events:}
** (x) [59. How to Extract Event Data (2/12)]{:59. How to Extract Event Data:}
** (x) [60. Using Spread Props & Default Props (7/40)]{:60. Using Spread Props and Default Props:}
** (x) [61. Working with Slots (6/32)]{:61. Working with Slots:}
** (x) [62. Named & Default Slots (4/15)]{:62. Named and Default Slots:}
** (x) [63. Example: Opening & Closing a Modal (3/9)]{:63. Example- Opening and Closing a Modal:}
** (x) [64. Using Slot Props (5/35)]{:64. Using Slot Props:}
** (x) [65. The Component Lifecycle - Theory (5/16)]{:65. The Component Lifecycle - Theory:}
** (x) [66. Creation & Update Lifecycle Hooks in Action (7/62)]{:66. Creation and Update Lifecycle Hooks in Action:}
** (x) [67. Using "tick()" (9/50)]{:67. Using "tick()":}
** (x) [71. Adding Default Props (3/30)]{:71. Adding Default Props:}
** (x) [72. Communication via Custom Events (11/59)]{:72. Communication via Custom Events:}
** (x) [73. Utilizing Slots (5/44)]{:73. Utilizing Slots:}
** (x) [74. Creating an "EditMeetup" Component (8/40)]{:74. Creating an "EditMeetup" Component:}
** (x) [75. Communicating Between Components (4/20)]{:75. Communicating Between Components:}
** (x) [76. Time for More Slots! (3/16)]{:76. Time for More Slots!:}
** (x) [77. Adding a Re-Usable "Modal" Component (7/61)]{:77. Adding a Re-Usable "Modal" Component:}
** (x) [78. Finishing the "Modal" Component (3/37)]{:78. Finishing the "Modal" Component:}
** (x) [82. Two-Way Binding Refresher (3/34)]{:82. Two-Way Binding Refresher:}
** (x) [83. Understanding Custom Component Bindings (6/58)]{:83. Understanding Custom Component Bindings:}
** (x) [84. Relying on Automatic Number Conversion (3/15)]{:84. Relying on Automatic Number Conversion:}
** (x) [85. Binding Checkboxes & Radio Buttons (5/36)]{:85. Binding Checkboxes and Radio Buttons:}
** (x) [86. Binding <select> Dropdowns (2/11)]{:86. Binding <select> Dropdowns:}
** (x) [87. Binding to Element References (5/30)]{:87. Binding to Element References:}
** (x) [88. Binding to Component References (3/21)]{:88. Binding to Component References:}
** (x) [89. Validating Forms & Inputs (7/27)]{:89. Validating Forms and Inputs:}
** (x) [93. Exploring Different Validation Solutions (3/26)]{:93. Exploring Different Validation Solutions:}
** (x) [94. Adding Validation & Error Output to the "TextInput" Component (4/29)]{:94. Adding Validation and Error Output to the "TextInput" Component:}
** (x) [95. Adding Some Validation Logic (3/25)]{:95. Adding Some Validation Logic:}
** (x) [96. Finishing "TextInput" Validation (7/32)]{:96. Finishing "TextInput" Validation:}
** (x) [97. Validating the Overall Form (3/14)]{:97. Validating the Overall Form:}
** (x) [98. Improvements & Wrap Up (3/15)]{:98. Improvements and Wrap Up:}
** (x) [101. What's the Problem? (4/40)]{:101. What's the Problem?:}
** (x) [102. Creating a Writable Store & Subscribing (6/32)]{:102. Creating a Writable Store and Subscribing:}
** (x) [103. Updating Store Data (5/29)]{:103. Updating Store Data:}
** (x) [104. Stores and Stateful & Presentational Components (2/21)]{:104. Stores and Stateful and Presentational Components:}
** (x) [105. Managing Store Subscriptions (4/31)]{:105. Managing Store Subscriptions:}
** (x) [106. Using Autosubscriptions (3/17)]{:106. Using Autosubscriptions:}
** (x) [107. A Second Store! (7/68)]{:107. A Second Store!:}
** (x) [108. Subscribing for a Short Period (4/27)]{:108. Subscribing for a Short Period:}
** (x) [109. Understanding Readable Stores (9/38)]{:109. Understanding Readable Stores:}
** (x) [110. Unlimited Power with Custom Stores (8/28)]{:110. Unlimited Power with Custom Stores:}
** (x) [112. Derived Store & Store Bindings (1/5)]{:112. Derived Store and Store Bindings:}
* (x) Section 11: Course Project - Stores
** (x) [115. A Possible Error (1/3)]{:115. A Possible Error:}
** (x) [116. Setting Up a Store (3/48)]{:116. Setting Up a Store:}
** (x) [117. Using a Custom Store (8/7)]{:117. Using a Custom Store:}
** (x) [118. Tapping into the Store from Different Components (5/24)]{:118. Tapping into the Store from Different Components:}
** (x) [119. Adding a "MeetupDetail" Component (13/78)]{:119. Adding a "MeetupDetail" Component:}
** (x) [120. Preparing the "Edit Meetup" Form (5/72)]{:120. Preparing the "Edit Meetup" Form:}
** (x) [121. Continuing Work on the "Edit" Feature (9/29)]{:121. Continuing Work on the "Edit" Feature:}
** (x) [122. Adding a "Delete" Functionality (3/59)]{:122. Adding a "Delete" Functionality:}
** (x) [123. Adding a "Filter" Component (9/91)]{:123. Adding a "Filter" Component:}
** (x) [124. Some Final Steps (3/32)]{:Some Final Steps:}
* (x) Section 12: Motions, Transitions & Animations
** (x) [128. Animating Values with a Tweened Store (7/96)]{:128. Animating Values with a Tweened Store:}
** (x) [129. Using a Spring Store Instead (8/40)]{:129. Using a Spring Store Instead:}
** (x) [130. Preparing a Transition Example (4/26)]{:130. Preparing a Transition Example:}
** (x) [131. Element Transitions (7/22)]{:131. Element Transitions:}
** (x) [132. More on Transitions (5/30)]{:132. More on Transitions:}
** (x) [133. Using Different "in" and "out" Transitions (2/15)]{:133. Using Different "in" and "out" Transitions:}
** (x) [134. Animating Passive (Affected) Items (3/18)]{:134. Animating Passive (Affected) Items:}
** (x) [135. Deferred Transitions (1/3)]{:135. Deferred Transitions:}
* (x) Section 13: Course Project - Transitions
** (x) [139. Animating the Modal (3/16)]{:139. Animating the Modal:}
** (x) [140. Animating the Meetup Items (5/21)]{:140. Animating the Meetup Items:}
** (x) [141. Animating the "Favorite" Badge & Wrap Up (1/13)]{:141. Animating the "Favorite" Badge and Wrap Up:}
* (x) Section 14: Network interaction via HTTP
** (x) [144. Adding a REST API (3/9)]{:144. Adding a REST API:}
** (x) [145. Sending Data via a POST Request (7/37)]{:145. Sending Data via a POST Request:}
** (x) [146. Showing a Loading Indicator & Sending Correct Data (3/38)]{:146. Showing a Loading Indicator and Sending Correct Data:}
** (x) [147. Fetching & Transforming Data (3/20)]{:147. Fetching and Transforming Data:}
** (x) [148. Things to Consider (3/11)]{:148. Things to Consider:}
** (x) [149. Using the "await" Block (4/16)]{:149. Using the "await" Block:}
** (x) [150. Http + A Store (6/64)]{:150. Http + A Store:}
* (x) Section 15: Course Project - HTTP
** ( ) [154. Storing Meetups on a Server (9/)]{:154. Storing Meetups on a Server:}
** ( ) [155. Fetching & Transforming Data (5/)]{:155. Fetching and Transforming Data:}
** ( ) [156. Adding a Loading Spinner (6/)]{:156. Adding a Loading Spinner:}
** ( ) [157. Updating via PATCH (7/)]{:157. Updating via PATCH:}
** ( ) [158. Sending "Favorite" Updates & Deleting Data (4/)]{:158. Sending "Favorite" Updates and Deleting Data:}
** ( ) [159. Fixing the Order of Items (1/)]{:159. Fixing the Order of Items:}
** ( ) [160. Adding Error Handling (7/)]{:160. Adding Error Handling:}
* (x) Section 16: Special Elements
** (x) [164. Dynamic Components (7/69)]{:164. Dynamic Components:}
** (x) [165. Recursive Components (6/30)]{:165. Recursive Components:}
** (x) [166. Accessing Windows, Body & Head (7/31)]{:166. Accessing Windows, Body and Head:}
** (x) [167. Cross-Component Scripts (6/30)]{:167. Cross-Component Scripts:}
