@document.meta
title: 207. Email Templates with Pug- Welcome Emails
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  Email
  Mailtrap
  Pug
]
created: 2023-12-13T21:08:43+0800
updated: 2023-12-13T21:09:13+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

* welcome.pug for calss Email

  We completed the class Email in the previous lecture, which used the pug template 'welcome.pug' to generate the HTML content of the email. Now, we will start building this welcome.pug.

** Copy codes from lecturer repo
   .image pic/207/1.png

   We create a separate folder for welcome.pug because we need to refactor its content into other files.

** Seperate style codes
   The styles used in the HTML for email content must be inline styles, but we can refactor them into another file and then include it to maintain clean content.

   .image pic/207/2.png

** Seperate base codes 
   In writing HTML for emails, you will see the use of many table-related tags. This is because emails can only be written using this method to structure their HTML. However, most of these tags are unrelated to the main content of the email. We can consider them as a base pug template and refactor them out.

   .image pic/207/3.png

   .image pic/207/4.png

   .image pic/207/5.png

** How this pug contents come from?
   Although the lecturer directly provided us with a pug file, we can observe how he finds suitable HTML for email and converts it into the pug format.

   .image pic/207/6.png

   .image pic/207/7.png

** Import parameters
   In the class Email, there are also places where we pass some parameters to the pug template to facilitate customization of the email content.

   .image pic/207/8.png


* Sending email when user signup by using class Email

** Import class Email
   .image pic/207/9.png

** Using class Email to send email
   .image pic/207/10.png


* Test

  .image pic/207/11.png

  .image pic/207/12.png

  .image pic/207/13.png

  Some clients are unable to receive HTML content, but we also have a text version of the email content as shown above.

