* (x) Modelling Data and Advanced Mongoose (57/313)
** (x) [171. Geospatial Queries\: Finding Tours Within Radius (30/>180)]{:171. Geospatial Queries\: Finding Tours Within Radius:} 
** (x) [172. Geospatial Aggregation\: Calculating Distances (16/89)]{:172. Geospatial Aggregation\: Calculating Distances:} 
** (x) [173. Creating API Documentation Using Postman (11/44)]{:173. Creating API Documentation Using Postman:} 
* (x) Server-Side Rendering with Pug Templates (30/13)
** (x) [175. Recap: Server-Side vs Client-Side Rendering (5/13)]{:175. Recap\: Server-Side vs Client-Side Rendering:} 
** (x) [176. Setting up Pug in Express (10/69)]{:176. Setting up Pug in Express:} 
** (x) [177. First Steps with Pug (15/94)]{:177. First Steps with Pug:} 
** ( ) [178. Creating Our Base Template (15/ )]{:178. Creating Our Base Template:}
** ( ) [179. Including Files into Pug Templates (5/ )]{:179. Including Files into Pug Templates:}
** ( ) [180. Extending Our Base Template with Blocks (10/ )]{:180. Extending Our Base Template with Blocks:}
** ( ) [181. Setting up the Project Structure (6/ )]{:181. Setting up the Project Structure:}
** ( ) [182. Building the Tour Overview - Part 1 (12/ )]{:182. Building the Tour Overview - Part 1:}
** ( ) [183. Building the Tour Overview - Part 2 (16/ )]{:183. Building the Tour Overview - Part 2:}
** ( ) [184. Building the Tour Page - Part 1 (12/ )]{:184. Building the Tour Page - Part 1:}
** ( ) [185. Building the Tour Page - Part 2 (26/ )]{:185. Building the Tour Page - Part 2:}

