* (x) Section 2: SVG and D3 Basics
** (x) [6. What are SVG's? (4/11)]{:6. What are SVG's?:}
** (x) [7. Simple SVG Shapes (7/71)]{:7. Simple SVG Shapes:}
** (x) [8. SVG Paths (10/21)]{:8. SVG Paths:}
** (x) [9. Setting up D3.js (2/54)]{:9. Setting up D3.js:}
** (x) [10. Selecting Elements (4/15)]{:10. Selecting Elements:}
** (x) [11. Appending Elements (3/15)]{:11. Appending Elements:}
** (x) [12. Method Chaining & Attributes (7/30)]{:12. Method Chaining and Attributes:}
** (x) [13. Text SVG's (3/15)]{:13. Text SVG's:}
** (x) [14. Groups (4/20)]{:14. Groups:}
* (x) Section 3: Using Data with D3
** (x) [16. Joining Data to an Element (9/45)]{:16. Joining Data to an Element:}
** (x) [18. Joining Data to Multiple Elements (5/9)]{:18. Joining Data to Multiple Elements:}
** (x) [19. The Enter Selection (8/22)]{:19. The Enter Selection:}
** (x) [20. External Data ( JSON ) (9/41)]{:20. External Data ( JSON ):}
* (x) Section 4: Scales & Bar Charts
** (x) [21. Why We Need Linear Scales (4/9)]{:21. Why We Need Linear Scales:}
** (x) [22. Creating a Linear Scale (10/39)]{:22. Creating a Linear Scale:}
** (x) [23. Band Scales (11/35)]{:23. Band Scales:}
** (x) [24. Min, Max & Extent (6/23)]{:24. Min, Max and Extent:}
** (x) [25. Creating a Bar Chart ( Groups & Margins ) (11/42)]{:25. Creating a Bar Chart ( Groups and Margins ):}
** (x) [26. Creating a Bar Chart ( Axes ) (6/35)]{:26. Creating a Bar Chart ( Axes ):}
** (x) [27. Inverting Scales (7/29)]{:27. Inverting Scales:}
** (x) [28. Tick Formatting (6/17)]{:28. Tick Formatting:}
* (x) Section 5: Firestore Database
** (x) [32. Getting Data from Firestore (17/82)]{:32. Getting Data from Firestore:}
* (x) Section 6: The D3 Update Pattern
** (x)[34. Enter & Exit Groups (7/30)]{:34. Enter & Exit Groups:}
** (x)[35. The Update Pattern at a Glance (5/9)]{:35. The Update Pattern at a Glance:}
** (x)[36. Creating an Update Function (10/55)]{:36. Creating an Update Function:}
** (x)[37. D3 Interval Function (6/33)]{:37. D3 Interval Function:}
** (x)[38. The Exit Selection (4/14)]{:38. The Exit Selection:}
** (x)[39. Firestore Realtime Data Updates (6/28)]{:39. Firestore Realtime Data Updates:}
** (x)[40. Updating Our Data (12/41)]{:40. Updating Our Data:}
* (x) Section 7: D3 Transitions
** (x) [42. Enter Transitions (7/32)]{:42. Enter Transitions:}
** (x) [44. Merge and Refactor (4/8)]{:44. Merge and Refactor:}
** (x) [45. Tweens and Interpolation (10/42)]{:45. Tweens and Interpolation:}
* (x) Section 8: Project One - Donut Chart (Budget Planner)
** (x) [46. Introduction & Setup (4/88)]{:46. Introduction and Setup:}
** (x) [47. HTML Template & Matetrialize (13/79)]{:47. HTML Template and Matetrialize:}
** (x) [48. Firestore Setup (4/44)]{:48. Firestore Setup:}
** (x) [49. Adding Data to Firestore (11/152)]{:49. Adding Data to Firestore:}
** (x) [50. Pie Charts & Arcs (4/11)]{:50. Pie Charts and Arcs:}
** (x) [51. Setting up a Pie Chart (11/55)]{:51. Setting up a Pie Chart:}
** (x) [53. Realtime Data Setup (7/14)]{:53. Realtime Data Setup:}
** (x) [54. Drawing the Enter Selection (7/40)]{:54. Drawing the Enter Selection:}
** (x) [55. Ordinal Scales (7/18)]{:55. Ordinal Scales:}
** (x) [56. Project Challenge (2/8)]{:56. Project Challenge:}
** (x) [58. Arc Enter/Exit Tween (10/30)]{:58. Arc Enter Tween:}
** (x) [60. Arc Update Tween (14/80)]{:60. Arc Update Tween:}
** (x) [61. Legends (7/46)]{:61. Legends:}
* (-) Section 9: Project Two - Line Chart (Crypto Dashboard)
** ( ) [62. Interactive D3 Visuals (2/)]{:62. Interactive D3 Visuals:}
** ( ) [63. Event Listeners (2/)]{:63. Event Listeners:}
** (x) [64. Mouseover Events (7/37)]{:64. Mouseover Events:}
** (x) [65. Named Transitions (bug fix) (2/6)]{:65. Named Transitions (bug fix):}
** (x) [66. Click Events (5/60)]{:66. Click Events:}
** (x) [67. Tooltips (11/143)]{:67. Tooltips:}
* ( ) Section 10: Project Two - Fitness Tracker (Line Graphs)
** (x) [69. HTML Template Setup (10/85)]{:69. HTML Template Setup:}
** (x) [70. Adding DOM Events (9/42)]{:70. Adding DOM Events:}
** (x) [71. Adding Data to Firestore (8/35)]{:71. Adding Data to Firestore:}
** (x) [72. Realtime Data Setup (9/32)]{:72. Realtime Data Setup:}
** ( ) [73. Graph Setup & Margins (6/)]{:73. Graph Setup n Margins:}
** ( ) [74. Time Scales & Axes Groups (8/)]{:74. Time Scales n Axes Groups:}
** ( ) [75. Domains & Axes (6/)]{:75. Domains n Axes:}
** ( ) [76. Formatting Times & Axes (7/)]{:76. Formatting Times n Axes:}
** ( ) [77. Enter & Exit Selections (7/)]{:77. Enter n Exit Selections:}
** ( ) [78. Adding Dummy Data (3/)]{:78. Adding Dummy Data:}
** ( ) [79. Filtering Data (5/)]{:79. Filtering Data:}
** ( ) [80. Line Path Generator (9/)]{:80. Line Path Generator:}
** ( ) [81. Data Point Hover Effect (4/)]{:81. Data Point Hover Effect:}
** ( ) [82. Project Challenge (SVG Lines) (3/)]{:82. Project Challenge (SVG Lines):}
** ( ) [83. Challenge Solution (7/)]{:83. Challenge Solution:}
** ( ) [84. Project Summary (1/)]{:84. Project Summary:}
