@document.meta
title: 14. 14 - Materials
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  Materials
  CubeTextureLoader
  Scene.background
  Bump and displacement map
]
created: 2024-01-14T23:38:53+0800
updated: 2024-01-14T23:39:28+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

* What is material?

  Material is a tool used to add features to geometry by coloring pixels on the geometry within the field of view, achieving the effect of increasing features.

  Therefore, pixels outside the field of view will not be colored to save GPU performance.

  The coloring process is completed through shader code.

* Introduce all materials

** No need light
   .image pic/14/1.png

   .image pic/14/2.png

   .image pic/14/3.png

   .image pic/14/4.png

   .image pic/14/5.png

   .image pic/14/6.png

   .image pic/14/7.png

   .image pic/14/8.png

   .image pic/14/9.png

   .image pic/14/10.png

   .image pic/14/11.png

   .image pic/14/12.png

   .image pic/14/13.png

   .image pic/14/14.png

   .image pic/14/15.png

   .image pic/14/16.png

** Need light
   .image pic/14/17.png

   .image pic/14/18.png

   .image pic/14/19.png

   .image pic/14/20.png

   .image pic/14/21.png

   .image pic/14/22.png

   .image pic/14/23.png

   .image pic/14/24.png

   .image pic/14/25.png

   .image pic/14/26.png

   .image pic/14/27.png

** special materials
   We will learn about the remaining few more special ones in the future.

   .image pic/14/28.png


* Bump and displacement map

  In front of us, we have learned about bump and displacement texture but not practice yet. Because these effects can only be generated through light, we will proceed with the implementation here.

  .image pic/14/29.png

** bump map
   Materials that require light usually have specific properties corresponding to bump texture and displacement texture.

   .image pic/14/30.png

** displacement map
   Displacement map and bump map are mutually exclusive and cannot be used at the same time.

   .image pic/14/31.png

   .image pic/14/32.png

   As shown above, the displacement map relies heavily on vertices to achieve the effect. However, even with a large number of vertices, it still looks strange.


* CubeTextureLoader

  CubeTextureLoader is used to generate panoramic seamless textures can be used for the 360 environment map of a scene, as well as to create reflective environments on meshes.

** document
   .image pic/14/33.png

   There are many types of loaders, each with different functions.

** scene.background
   .image pic/14/34.png

   The order of images is important, and the images order in the above image is actually incorrect. The image paths need to be inserted according to the order of the document.


** reflection of mesh
   We apply the same cube texture to a sphere mesh to create a reflective environment effect.

   .image pic/14/35.png

   Actually, it is not really a reflection.



