@document.meta
title: 19. 19 - Raycaster
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  Raycaster
]
created: 2024-01-26T22:45:05+0800
updated: 2024-01-26T22:45:27+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

* Document of Raycaster

  In this lecture, we are going to implement the effect of ray casting. ThreeJS provides the Raycaster class, which makes it very easy for us to achieve this effect.

  .image pic/19/1.png


* Prepare the scene and meshes

  .image pic/19/2.png


* Instantiate the Raycaster

  We must instantiate the Raycaster class in order to use two important methods, 'setFromCamera' and 'intersectObjects', to achieve the effect of ray casting.

  .image pic/19/3.png


* Casting a ray from the camera

  In order to cast a ray from the camera, we need a pointer, but it must be a normalized Vector2 value.

  .image pic/19/4.png

  .image pic/19/5.png


* Get the intersected meshes

  .image pic/19/6.png


* Change the material properties of the intersected mesh

  .image pic/19/7.png

  The above approach will encounter issues such as ray penetration and the color not reverting back to white when the intersection disappears, and so on.

  .image pic/19/8.png

  The following is the writing after considering many issues.

  .image pic/19/9.png

  The key is that we created another array called 'intersect' to store the first element of the array intersects. This can solve many problems.


* Add another effect with Gsap

  In addition to changing the properties of materials, we can also use Gsap to change the properties of objects, such as position, size, rotation, and so on.

  .image pic/19/10.png
