@document.meta
title: 3. 3 - Hello Cube
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  Scene
  Mesh
  Camera
  Renderer
  CSS
  Cavnas
]
created: 2024-01-03T22:59:11+0800
updated: 2024-01-03T22:59:43+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

* Create project

  .image pic/3/1.png


* Elements of Three.js

  .image pic/3/2.png

  The camera determines which objects will be drawn by the renderer and how they will be drawn, but it does not render them itself.


* Scene

  .image pic/3/3.png

  The space used to hold all objects and the camera.


* Mesh

  All objects we see in Three.js are composed of Mesh, which is composed of Geometry and Material.
  So usually we refer to the objects in a Scene as mesh instead of object.

  .image pic/3/4.png

  .image pic/3/5.png


* Camera

** documents
   .image pic/3/6.png

** perspectiveCamera
   .image pic/3/7.png

** fov & far
   .image pic/3/8.png

   .image pic/3/9.png

** distortion
   The closer objects are to the edge of the perspectiveCamera, the more severe the distortion.

   .image pic/3/10.png

   .image pic/3/11.png


* Renderer

  .image pic/3/12.png


* CSS

  In order to make the entire page display a canvas without scrollbars and borders, we need to make some CSS settings.

  .image pic/3/13.png

  Some browsers may still have a scrollbar, you can add overflow: hidden; to ensure that there is no scrollbar, but it will affect the graphics in the canvas.

  .image pic/3/14.png


* Tuning the camera position and angle

  Because everything is added to the scene, it defaults to the position (0, 0, 0), so we need to pull the camera back in order to see the objects.

  .image pic/3/15.png

  .image pic/3/16.png

  .image pic/3/17.png

  The camera above can only see one side of the mesh, so we need to adjust the position and direction of the camera to see multiple sides of the cube.

  .image pic/3/18.png

