@document.meta
title: 28. Key Naming Methodology
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  Key Naming
]
created: 2023-12-02T12:42:52+0800
updated: 2023-12-02T12:43:19+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

> The naming of keys in Redis must comply with the following rules in order to be considered valid.

* Unique

  .image pic/28/2.png

  .image pic/28/1.png

  The keys stored in the above pages are all 'page', so they will just keep getting overwritten.

  We must change the key to be unique in order to save all pages in Redis.

  .image pic/28/3.png


* Let other engineer understand

Although the naming method of the keys above avoids data being overwritten, it does not allow other engineers to easily understand what data this key is storing.

  .image pic/28/4.png

** very common convention
   .image pic/28/5.png

   Following everyone's convention can help others quickly understand your key.

** replace \: with \# for search feature
   We use # to replace \: in front of unique identifier.

   .image pic/28/6.png

   This is not a common practice, but in the future, it will be very convenient for us to use the search feature of Redis.


* Create valid keys

  .image pic/28/7.png

  Because each page itself will be linked to its own unique route, the route itself is a very good unique identifier.

  .image pic/28/8.png

  The following are the final keys which following all the naming rules.

  .image pic/28/9.png

  Other engineers can also guarantee that they can know at a glance what data these keys store.
