@document.meta
title: 39. Issues with HSET
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  Issue
  HSET
  Redis Client
  toString
  null
  undefined
]
created: 2023-12-02T15:38:09+0800
updated: 2023-12-02T15:38:47+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

* Error happened when we use client.hSet

  We add more content for storing data in HSET as follows:

  .image pic/37/1.png

  We mentioned before that Redis hash cannot store deeply nested keys, but the error here is not caused by this reason. We will explain in detail below why the error occurred.


* Redis Client will prepare native Redis command before access to redis

  The Redis Client will convert our codes into Redis commands as follows.

  .image pic/37/2.png


* Redis Client will use .toString() to each value

  The Redis Client will use .toString() on each value and then add it to the command. This is where the problem lies.

  .image pic/37/3.png

  .image pic/37/4.png

  .image pic/37/5.png

  As mentioned above, both strings and objects in JavaScript have the .toString() method. Although object.toString() will result in the strange string '\[object Object\]', it will not produce an error.


* Where the error happened?

  But null and undefined do not have .toString(), so an error will occur here.

  .image pic/37/6.png


* How to solve it?

  We usually choose to directly remove properties with a value of null or undefined when encountering this situation. If it is really necessary to write these two properties, it is recommended to convert them to empty strings as follows:

  .image pic/37/7.png

