@document.meta
title: 87. Items by Ending Soonest
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  Sorted Set
  EndingAt
]
created: 2023-12-13T19:25:24+0800
updated: 2023-12-13T19:25:54+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

* Planing how to prepare Redis data structure for Ending Soonest

  Next, we need to work on the "Ending Soonest" section of the landing page. In a typical database, we would only need to think about how to design a query to retrieve the desired data from the items table. However, in Redis, we must create a new Sorted Set.

  .image pic/87/1.png

  Next, think about when to do what processing in order to create the Sorted Set.

  .image pic/87/2.png

  In the above figure, we can recall that we have already created a separate Hash table for each item and it contains a member called 'endingAt'. But now we need to create a new Sorted Set specifically for 'endingAt'. Some people may be concerned about data duplication in this case. However, in Redis, this is a reasonable approach.


* Implementing codes to building Sorted Set for ending soonest

  .image pic/87/3.png

  You can see that the function createItem has already used pipelining to create a hash table and a sorted set about views. We have also added the command for creating a sorted set about endingAt to the pipelining.


* Test if anything work fine (not present result yet)

  Our landing page still won't display any products. We still need to do some work before it will show up, but you can try running the item creation process to see if any errors occur.

  .image pic/87/4.png

  .image pic/87/5.png

  .image pic/87/6.png

  It looks like there are no errors. 😄

